Modify hash join explain analyze description (#20523)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-explain-analyze.md

### HashJoin

> HashJoin executor has two versions, named HashJoinV1 and HashJoinV2 respectively. We can chooses them by system variable [`tidb_hash_join_version`](/system-variables.md#tidb_hash_join_version-从-v840-版本开始引入). The following introduces execution process of these two versions respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HashJoin operator has two versions: HashJoinV1 and HashJoinV2. You can specify the desired version using the [`tidb_hash_join_version`](/system-variables.md#tidb_hash_join_version-new-in-v840) system variable. The following sections describe the execution process of each version respectively.
```

    - `fetch`: The total time consumption of reading data from downsteam.
    - `max_partition`: The execution time of the builder that takes longest time in all row table builders.
    - `total_partition`：The cumulative time taken by the execution of all row table builders.
    - `max_build`：The execution time of the builder that takes longest time in all hash table builder.
    - `total_build`：The cumulative time taken by the execution of all hash table builder.
- `probe`: The execution information of reading downstream executor and doing probe.
    - `time`: The total time consumption of probing.
    - `fetch_and_wait`: The total time consumption of reading data from downstream and waiting for the data from upstream.
    - `max_worker_time`: The longest execution time among all workers, including reading data from downstream, executing probe operation and waiting data from upstream.
    - `total_worker_time`: The cumulative execution time of all workers.
    - `max_probe`: The longest probe time among all workers.
    - `total_probe`: The cumulative probing time of all workers.
    - `probe_collision`：Collision number in the probing stage.

> - `spill`: The execution information during the spill.
>     - `round`: The number of spill round.
>     - `spilled_partition_num_per_round`: The spilled partition number in each round. The format is `x/y`, `x` represents the spilled partition number and `y` represents the number of all partitions. 
>     - `total_spill_GiB_per_round`: The total data size written into disk in each spill round.
>     - `build_spill_row_table_GiB_per_round`: The total data size of row table written into disk in each spill round at the build side.
>     - `build_spill_hash_table_per_round`: The total data size of hash table written into disk in each spill round at the build side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `spill`: The execution information during the spill.
    - `round`: The number of spill rounds.
    - `spilled_partition_num_per_round`: The number of spilled partitions per round, formatted as `x/y`, where `x` is the number of spilled partitions and `y` is the total number of partitions.
    - `total_spill_GiB_per_round`: The total size of data written into the disk in each spill round.
    - `build_spill_row_table_GiB_per_round`: The total size of row table data written into the disk in each spill round on the build side.
    - `build_spill_hash_table_per_round`: The total size of hash table data written into the disk in each spill round on the build side.
```

    - `probe`: The total time consumed for joining with outer table rows and the hash table.
    - `fetch`: The total time that the join worker waits to read the outer table rows data.

#### HashJoinv2

The `HashJoin` operator has one fetcher, N row table builders, and N hash table builders on the build side, and has one fetcher and N workers on the probe side. The detailed execution process is as follows:

1. The fetcher on the build side reads data from the downstream executor and dispatches data to each row table builder.

> 2. Each row table builder receives data chunks, splits them into several partitions, and builds row tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Each row table builder receives data chunks, splits them into several partitions, and build a row table.
```

3. The process waits until all row tables are built.
4. Hash table builders build hash tables using row tables.
5. The fetcher on the probe side reads data from the downstream executor and dispatches it to workers.
6. After receiving data, workers look up hash tables, build the final results, and dispatch the results to the result channel.
7. The main thread of `HashJoin` retrieves the join results from the result channel.

The `HashJoin` operator contains the following execution information:

```
build_hash_table:{concurrency:5, time:2.25s, fetch:1.06s, max_partition:1.06s, total_partition:5.27s, max_build:124ms, total_build:439.5ms}, probe:{concurrency:5, time:13s, fetch_and_wait:3.03s, max_worker_time:13s, total_worker_time:1m4.5s, max_probe:9.93s, total_probe:49.4s, probe_collision:59818971}, spill:{round:1, spilled_partition_num_per_round:[5/8], total_spill_GiB_per_round:[1.64], build_spill_row_table_GiB_per_round:[0.50], build_spill_hash_table_per_round:[0.12]}
```

> `build_hash_table`: The execution information of reading downstream executor and building hash table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`build_hash_table`: The execution information of reading data from the downstream operator and building hash tables.
```

> `build_hash_table`: The execution information of reading data from the downstream operator and building hash tables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `build_hash_table`: The execution information of reading data from the downstream operator and building hash tables.
```

    - `time`: The total time consumption of building hash tables.

>     - `fetch`: The total time spent reading data from the downstream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `fetch`: The total time spent fetching data from the downstream.
```

    - `max_partition`: The longest execution time among all row table builders.

>     - `total_partition`：The total execution time taken by all row table builders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `total_partition`: The total execution time taken by all row table builders.
```

    - `max_build`: The longest execution time among all hash table builders.
    - `total_build`: The total execution time taken by all hash table builders.

> - `probe`: The execution information of reading downstream executor and doing probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `probe`: The execution information of reading data from the downstream operator and executing probe operations.
```

> - `probe`: The execution information of reading data from the downstream operator and executing probe operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `probe`: The execution information of reading data from the downstream operator and performing probe operations.
```

    - `time`: The total time consumption of probing.

>     - `fetch_and_wait`: The total time spent reading data from downstream and waiting for the data received by the upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `fetch_and_wait`: The total time spent reading data from downstream and waiting for the data to be received by the upstream.
```

    - `max_worker_time`: The longest execution time among all workers, including reading data from downstream, executing probe operations, and waiting for the data received by the upstream.
    - `total_worker_time`: The total execution time of all workers.
    - `max_probe`: The longest probe time among all workers.
    - `total_probe`: The total probing time of all workers.

>     - `probe_collision`：Number of hash collisions encountered during probing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `probe_collision`: The number of hash collisions encountered during probing.
```
